Lu Zi, this is Mr. Gu's special name for five-star.
The nutritious meal prepared by the first-class hotel for you
What about others? The company is in a hurry.
He has to come forward to deal with it.
He asked me to stay here with you
Thanks.
Mrs. Gu, his cloud demon, come out for me
This is the exclusive art of war for our president's wife
Please leave.
The president's wife is fine
Are you still good at posing?
Mom, he's really your mother
Sorry Duan Zezhu
You let him in, do you hear me?
Mom, you are so rude
apologize
What's so great about a big man pushing?
Besides, something big has happened to the company
How could I care so much?
Heard what it was
Sorry broken leg pig
Can you please?
Let me have a word with my mom alone, of course
Such a mother just called him Yunyao
Also mentioned Zhao Tingchuan
Isn't this Mr. Gu's ex-wife?
And Lucy how could it be Yunyao
No, I have to tell Mr. Gu about this.